well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about the
preferences and intent of other nations
when it comes to the u.s election what
other countries want
because we had those reports come out
you know country y supports this
candidate country x supports this
candidate
and that some were going to attempt to
interfere
had a lot of questions about it you know
is is this true probably
probably every country on the planet
no exceptions every country on the
planet
has a preference when it comes to who's
leading the united states
because our foreign policy and our
domestic policy
influences every country on the planet
so they all have a preference some
would attempt to influence the outcome
if they got information by happenstance
some would be much more proactive in
that
none of this is a surprise none of this
is really even a big deal
it only becomes a concern if the
candidate themselves
begins coordinating and cooperating with
the other nation
then it matters you know if one of the
candidates is say on tv
asking another country for help from
that point forward you have to assume
that that candidate is beholden
to that country that's a concern
aside from that doesn't matter
our allies you know france germany
the uk they have a preference those
traditional allies
they have a preference i can assure you
that if german intelligence
got their hands on compromising
information about president trump
they would release it no doubt they're
going to want biden
because they need stability trump is a
destabilizing force in the united states
it's good for adversarial nations
which brings us to the only interesting
piece of information that came out of
this this little conversation this
little report
russia is going to continue to support
trump
no surprise there he's been good for
them
they're adversarial we know this they're
confrontational
militarily when it comes to jockeying
for position
in europe and their actions in asia
certainly show that
the only surprise is that china
chose biden that's a surprise and i know
on the surface it may not seem that way
because the tariff wars and all of that
stuff
but that's all minor economic stuff at
the end of the day
they'll rebound from that that's not a
big deal
if they were adversarial and
confrontational militarily
they would want trump trump's
vision and leadership when it comes to
strategy is not good
um this is why australia is stepping up
in regards to managing that sphere of
influence because they know the us isn't
doing it anymore
because we don't have the leadership to
whether or not you think that's a good
thing that's
that's up to you but it tells us
something about china's intent
if china was militarily adversarial
they would want trump just like russia
they don't they want biden which tells
us that china's primary concern
is trade period they want the united
states stable
and they want a return to the status quo
again
whether or not you think that's a good
idea that's a good thing
that's up for debate but as far as their
intent
them backing biden tells us a lot most
importantly
it tells us that the information
propaganda that has been coming out of
the trump administration
about china being adversarial is false
at least to the extent that he's trying
to paint them they are nowhere near
as adversarial as the trump
administration is making them out to be
they're nowhere near as adversarial as i
thought they were going to be
to be honest um
any truly adversarial nation
when we're talking about the military
they're going to be backing trump
they're going to want trump to win a
country
that wants biden in power
wants a stable foreign policy stable
trade agreements
they want a return to normalcy
so when you see nations like china
backing biden you need to downgrade them
in in your threat assessment because
they're not looking for a military
confrontation they're they're willing to
sacrifice
a strategic position militarily
in exchange for trade
that's the only surprise in in that
whole thing
and again i definitely believe that both
campaigns need to be watched to make
sure they are not coordinating
or cooperating with the foreign nations
um
that's that's incredibly important and
it doesn't matter if
either one of them is your particular
candidate they both need to be watched
it's incredibly important
for the safety and security
of the united states on a bunch of
levels
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day